Class Methods are the methods that are defined inside the class, 
public class methods can be accessed with the help of objects. 
The method is marked as private by default, when a method is defined outside of the class definition. 
By default, methods are marked as public which is defined in the class definition.

In previous lectures we wrote
Has_one & has_many in our model Inside the user

And these are all called a class method
For example, If we want to write an example, we should put (self) and write it this way:
def self.full_name  
because In the class method, we always put (self), to be a class method

examples:

1) def self.hello
    puts "Hello, I'm F."
    end

2) def self.school
    students
    end 

3) def self.Book
     authorname
    end

And if we want to call something of the previous examples like (All Books) .........In the Terminal of the project we write first thing
Rails c
And then Book.all
It will show me all the books
And if we want to call a name
Book.find(1) 
And to apply the class method , For example, we write (book.) in the terminal and write all the method after the word (self):
(Book.hello)
(info.class)
(info.Book)


Instance methods are used when you are required to act on a specific instance of a class. 
When you need to introduce a functionality that corresponds to the identity of an instance, you should use the instance method.
In this way, it is not permissible to put a (self)....like this: def generate_number_from_user

examples:

1) def full_name
   firstname+lastname
   end 

2) def class
  teacher+students
  end 

3) def self.car
   color+price
   end 

And if we want to call something of the previous examples like(one_book) .........In the Terminal of the project we write reload!
and then .....User.find(1)
It will show me the book
And to apply the class method , For example, we write (User.) in the terminal .....frome his name we write (User.find(1).generate_number_from_user)
(User.first.full_name)
(User.first.class)
(User.first.car)

substantially:
A class method provides functionality to a class itself....
while an instance method provides functionality to one instance of a class....


I dont know if you want a way to convert from instance method to class method or not?
but however....

here we have an instance method 
def full_name
    firstname+lastname
    end 

and now We make it a Class Method and 
put the instance variables inside it....

def self.full_name
    self.first.firstname+self.first.lastname
    end 

    and cll it:
    User.full_name

Thanks for your time and sorry for the delay :)
